# Performance-Based-Exploratory-Data-Analysis-On-Olympic-Data-Using-Python
I Developed  Web application using Streamlit &  Python libraries Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib  which analyse all the previous Perfromance of country in olympic game.

Olympic Games is one of the most famous event in the world. More than 200 countries         participate in this game to achive medals for their countries. Each and every time the winners may vary and the number of medals thus secured varies according to their performance. Analysing the performance of the competitors is very much needed for the future competitions. The primary objective of this proposed work is to analyse the overall performance of the competitor using python libraries. Analysis need to be done by each country to evaluate the previous performance and to find the challenges faced by the competitors that will help them to improve in future.Visulization of data set in many aspect provide the status of country in Olympic games and also help in inferring knowledge about the performance. This analysis is very much helpful in finding the area of improvement in the future. In the proposed system, Performance Based Exploratory Data Analysis (PBEDA) On Olympics Data Using Python a correlation between being a host country and increasing a country medal count is calculated first and then finding the correlation to increase medal count. With the above result, we can tell which country has the higher probability of getting more medals. Python-Numpy,Pandas,Matplotlib,Seaborn, API-Streamlit are the tools and techniques used in this proposed work.
